Note using `Log4j2PluginsCacheFileTransformer` in doc (#1178)
GradleUp/shadow: src/docs/configuration/merging/README.md

}
```

## Merging Log4j2 Plugin Cache Files (`Log4j2Plugins.dat`)

> `Log4j2PluginsCacheFileTransformer` is a `Transformer` that merges `META-INF/org/apache/logging/log4j/core/config/plugins/Log4j2Plugins.dat` plugin caches from all the jars

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Log4j2PluginsCacheFileTransformer` is a `Transformer` that merges [`Log4j2Plugins.dat` plugin descriptors](https://logging.apache.org/log4j/2.x/manual/plugins.html#plugin-registry) from all the jars
```

_Nit_: personally I prefer to call the "descriptors" instead of "caches", although "cache" was the original term used.

Author: https://logging.apache.org/log4j/2.x/manual/plugins.html#plugin-registry

This link indicates "Registering plugins" instead of "Log4j2Plugins.dat plugin descriptors" self, I'm worried there might be misleading here?

Reviewer: You might be right.
Currently we don't have a better reference for that, just the "registering plugins" section and some [answers in the FAQ](https://logging.apache.org/log4j/2.x/faq.html#plugin-descriptors).

Maybe you could point at the [Shading/Shadowing FAQ entry](https://logging.apache.org/log4j/2.x/faq.html#shading), although that sections almost immediately points back at your documentation. :wink:

Author: Alright. I'll leave the file path here just for now.

> containing Log4j 2.x Core components. It's a Gradle equivalent of [Log4j Plugin Descriptor Transformer](https://github.com/apache/logging-log4j-transform/blob/main/src/site/antora/modules/ROOT/pages/log4j-transform-maven-shade-plugin-extensions.adoc).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
containing Log4j 2.x Core components. It's a Gradle equivalent of [Log4j Plugin Descriptor Transformer](https://logging.apache.org/log4j/transform/log4j-transform-maven-shade-plugin-extensions.html#log4j-plugin-cache-transformer).
```
